How do you get a nun pregnant?
Dress her up as an alter boy.

Did you hear about the guy who ran infront of the bus?
He got tired

How does a woman scare a gynecologist?
By becoming a ventriloquist!

What does it mean when a man is in your bed gasping for breath and calling your name?
You didn't hold the pillow down long enough.

What do you call an anorexic bitch with a yeast infection?
A Quarter Ponder with Cheese.

What do preists and Mcdonalds have in common?
They both stick there meat in 10 year old buns

How do you circumcise a hillbilly?
Kick his sister in the jaw.

Why do men get their great ideas in bed?
Because their plugged into a genius!

What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer?
A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.

What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common?
One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.

A daughter asked her mother how to spell penis, her mom said you should have asked me last night it was at the tip of my tongue.

What has got two legs and bleeds?
Half a dog!

What do you call an afghan virgin
Mever bin laid on

Why is santa so jolly?
Because he knows where all the naughty girls live.

Why did God give men penises?
So they'd have at least one way to shut a woman up.

What do you call a lesbian dinosaur
A lickalotopis

When do you kick a dwarf in the balls?
When he is standing next to your miss saying her hair smells nice

Q:Why did Tigger look in the toilet?
A:Because he was looking for Pooh

If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the drain, can a hooker get layed off?

Do you know what the square root of 69 is?
Ate something

If you had a donkey and I had a chicken and if your donkey ate my chicken what will you have?
Three feet of my cock up your ass.

What kind of bees produce milk?
Boobies

What should you do if your girlfriend starts smoking?
Slow down. And possibly use a lubricant.

Why do women rub their eyes when they get up in the morning?
They don't have balls to scratch.

What do bread and autistic kids have in common? 
They both have special needs

What did the banana say to the vibrator?
Why are YOU shaking? She's going to eat me!

One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister."
Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."

Q; Whats the difference between the Florida State football team and a Florida State cheerleader?
They both suck for four quarters.

Q; What's the difference between a rabbi and a priest?
A rabbi cuts them off; A priest sucks them off

Why do dwarfs laugh when they play soccer?
The grass tickles their balls

What do you get when you cross A-Rod with Chris Brown?
A cheater, cheater, woman beater.

What is pink, goes in hard and dry and comes out soft and wet?
Bubble Gum.

What does a 75 year old woman have between her breasts that a 25 year old doesn't?
Her navel.

What does a good bar and a good woman have in common?
Liquor in the front and poker in the back!

Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs?
He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!

What is the difference between erotic and kinky?
Erotic is using a feather....kinky is using the whole chicken.

Did you hear Lorena Bobbit just died?
Yeah I heard she was on the freeway and some dick cut her off.

When does a cub become a boy scout?
When he eats his first Brownie.

What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Wiped his ass.

How do you tell if a chick is too fat to fuck ?
When you pull her pants down her ass is still in them

What does a woman and Kentucky Fried Chicken have in common?
By the time you're finished with the breast and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box to put your bone in.

Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team?
Because everybody who can run, jump and swim are already in the U.S.

What do you get when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic?
Halfway

How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.

What do u call a bunny with a bent dick?
FUCKS FUNNY

What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen?
Snowballs.

What's the difference between a Southern zoo and a Northern zoo?
A Southern zoo has a description of the animal on the front of the cage, along with a recipe.

What's 6 inches long and starts with a p?
........... a shit (think about it)

Why is being in the military like a blow-job?
 The closer you get to discharge, the better you feel.

What do you call a ninety year old man who can still masturbate?
Miracle Whip.

What do hockey players and Surrey girls have in common?
They both only change their pads after every third period!

What is the difference between oral and anal sex?
Oral sex makes your day and Anal sex makes your whole weak.

Whats the best thing about a 18 year old girl in the shower?
Slick her hair back she looks 15..

What's strong enough for a man but made for a woman?
The back of my hand.

What do you call a bookworm who gets eaten by a cannibal?
"Reader's Digest."

What do you call 300 white men chasing a black man?
The PGA tour.

How many Emo kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
None, they all sit in the dark and cry.

How man Sorority girls does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Two, One to screw it in, and one to take a picture.

How do you kill a retard?
Give him a knife and say "Who's special?"

What does a gangbanger have in common with a soda machine?
They both don't work and always take your money.

Why are there only two pallbearers at a homeless guys funeral?
There are only two handles on a garbage can.

How do they say "fuck you" in Los Angeles?
Trust me.

How do you get tickets to the Tampon 100?
Pull some strings.

Why can't Jesus eat m&m's?
Because he has holes in his hands.

Why Are crippled people always picked on?
Because they can't stand up for themselves

Whats the hardest part about eating a vegetable?
Putting her back in the wheelchair when your done...

What would happen if you cut off your left side?
You would be all right.

What is Superman's greatest weakness?
A bucking horse.

Why did Hitler commit suicide?
He got the gas bill.

What is a crack head's favorite song?
I wanna rock!

How do you get retards out of a tree?
Wave to them!

What do you call a gangbanger behind bars?
Anything you want.

Why did the boy fall off the swing?
He didn't have any arms.

What's sicker than a pile of dead babies?
The one alive in the middle chewing it's way out.

How do you stop a dog from humping your leg?
Pick him up and suck on his cock!

Why doesn't a chicken wear pants?
Because his pecker is on his head! 

Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?
He needed to get to the bottom!

What did the penis say to the condom?
Cover me im going in! 

How do you embarrass an archaeologist?
Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.

What is the difference between ooooooh and aaaaaaah?
About three inches.

What's worse than spiders on your piano?
Crabs on your organ.

Why did the Mafia cross the road?
Forget about it.

What did the Alabama sheriff call the black guy who had been shot 15 times?
Worst case of suicide he had ever seen.

After a quarrel, a husband said to his wife, "You know, I was a fool when I married you."
She replied, "Yes, dear, but I was in love and didn't notice."

What's black, white, and red all over and doesn't fit through a revolving door?
A nun with a spear through her head.

Why are pubic Hairs so curly?
So they don't poke her eye out.

 What's the difference between a bandleader and a gynecologist?
 A bandleader fucks his singers and a gynecologist sucks his fingers.

What has a whole bunch of little balls and screws old ladies?
A bingo machine.

Why do men like big tits and a tight ass?
Because they've got big mouths and little dicks.

Whats long hard and full of seamen?
A submarine

Whats long, Hard and Erects stuff?
A Crane!

Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a retarded baby?
They named him Sum Ting Wong.

Name the five great kings that have brought happiness in to peoples lives
Drinking Licking sucking fucking and wanking.

What's the difference between onions and prostitutes?
I cry when I cut up onions...

Why can't Jesus play hockey?
He keeps getting nailed to the boards.

What do you get when you mix LSD and birth control?
A trip without the kids!

What Do You Call Cheese That Isn't Yours?
Nacho Cheese.

Why don't orphans play baseball? 
They don't know where home is

What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?
Wiped his ass.

 How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex?
 Call her and tell her.

Why don't bunnies make noise when they have sex?
Because they have cotton balls.

What's the difference between a girlfriend and wife?
45 lbs.

Why was the African American girl quiet during the movie? 
She wasn't.

Why do black people not like to go on cruises?
They already fell for that trick once.

What's the job application to Hooters?
They just give you a bra and say: Here, fill this out.

Whats the hardest part of rollerblading?
Telling your parents that you are gay.

What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? 
Does this taste funny to you?

Why don't blind people skydive?
It scares the shit out of their dogs!

What does D.M stand for?
Mothers Against Dyslexi

What do you get when you mix puppies and rabbits?
Puppets.

What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?
It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.

How many dead babies does it take to paint a house?
It depends on how hard you throw them.

What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off?
Spit, swallow, and gargle,

What do you do when your dishwasher stops working?
Slap her on the ass and tell her to get back to work.

Why do they call it the wonder bra?
When you take it off you wonder where her tits went.

What's sicker than having sex with a pregnant woman?
Having sex with a pregnant woman and getting a bj by the baby.

What do you call a teenage girl who doesn't masturbate?
A liar.

Whats the best thing about dating homeless chicks?
You can drop them off anywhere.

What did the lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire?
"I'll see you next month."

Whats the best thing about Pocahontas in the shower?
Slick her hair back and she looks 15...

What does a guy and a car have in common?
They both have the ability to misfire. 

What did one saggy tit say to the other saggy tit?
If we don't get some support soon, people will think we're nuts!

What's even better than winning the Special Olympics
Not being a retard.

What do 9 out of 10 people consider to be a good time?
Gang rape.

What do you call a school bus full of white people?
Twinkie.

What did one tampon say to the other?
Nothing. They were both stuck up bitches.

What do you call a retard in a tree with a brief case?
Branch Manager.

What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit?
At least a zit waits until you're a teenager before it cums on your face!

 How does a Scotsman find a sheep in tall grass?
 Very satisfying.

Whats thirty feet long and smells like urine?
Line dancing at a nusing home.

What is the square root of 69?
Ate something

But do you know what 6.9 is?
A good thing screwed up by a period.

What do cow pies and cowgirls have in common?
The older they get the easier they are to pick up.

What does a rubix cube and a Penis have in common?
The more you play with it the harder it gets.

What's slimy cold long and smells like pork?
Kermit the frogs finger 

What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest?
Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12 

Whats the Diffenence between kinky and perverted?
Kinky is when you tickle your girl friends ass with a feather.
Perverted is when you use the whole chicken... 

What's the difference between a penis and a bonus?
Your wife will always blow your bonus! 

A recent survey shows that sperm banks beat blood banks in contributions...HANDS DOWN!

If you force sex on a prostitute, is it rape or shoplifting? you choose.

What did the hard boiled egg say to the boiling water?
I can't get a hard-on because I was just layed.

What is Moby Dick's dad's name?
Papa Boner 

What do you get when you cross a potato and corn? 
porn

How do you eat a squirrel?
You spread its little legs.

Ever had sex while camping? 
It's fucking intents.